Wow! Look at the snow!
Dad
Sorry I can't pick you up.
I'll be done with work soon.
Can you go ahead to the house?
All right, Dad.
I guess I got in a little early.
So what now?
Um...
You sure you're good here?
Yes. It should be close.
Wow, it's so spacious.
There's no one here and there
aren't any cars. It's so quiet.
It's nothing like Tokyo.
And this fresh air...
is freezing! It's freezing my lungs!
And I'm just realizing how cold it is!
How can it be this cold?
Winter in Hokkaido is insane!
Th-This sucks!
Maybe it was a mistake to move to
Hokkaido at this time of year, Dad.
Okay, this is bad.
My battery's gonna die on me.
A gyaru? A Hokkaido gyaru?
Episode 1:
Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable!
A... a gyaru?
Bare-legged when it's this cold?
She doesn't even have a heavy jacket on.
And here I'm fully armored and
I'm still freezing to death.
Hmm?
Uh...
What?
Huh? Uh, yeah...
Hmm?
Oh, right! Um, I'm trying to go somewhere.
Can you tell me the way?
Wow. Her nose is rosy and looks kind of cute.
It's waaay that way.
Huh? Is it really? Thank you very much.
Phew. That was close.
She nearly had me mesmerized.
Hey! Hold on!
Huh? Yes?
You planning to walk?
Huh? Well, yes.
It'll take like three hours.
And it's snowing.
Huh?
But isn't this the city? Is it really
that far to the next town over?
Yeah. I mean, Kitami is way huge.
City of Kitami
Of all cities in the prefecture,
the City of Kitami
is #1 in land area!!
Hokkaido
Way Huge Tho
I totally picked the wrong
place to get out of the taxi!
I thought it would be a
casual walk to the next town!
What the hell was I thinking?
Oh, right! I just need to get another taxi!
Taxis don't come through here.
If I call one, will it come soon?
If you're lucky, maybe 30 minutes.
I... I'm totally screwed.
Or, like,
wanna wait with me? For the bus?
Bus Stop
...no Apartments
The bus?
Yeah. It'll take you to that town
and it's coming in five minutes.
Will it really? I'll wait, I'll wait!
Wow, what a relief. Without your help,
I really might have died out here.
Thank you so much!
It's no biggie.
So, where are you from? Not Hokkaido, right?
Right. I moved here from Tokyo today.
T-Tokyo?
Um... uh-huh.
What's wrong with her all of a sudden?
Huh... huh. But why move from
Tokyo way out to the sticks here?
For family reasons.
Oh, okay.
But compared to Tokyo, isn't this,
like, totally mid? Kitami, I mean.
Uh... yeah?
What a weird accent.
I bet you think we're
all super lame out here.
No, I don't think that.
Quite the opposite.
Huh?
Or rather, I find it relaxing here.
I used to get bullied for being "lame."
I don't know what it's like to be popular.
Even if you're from Tokyo, lame is lame.
But nobody here knows how lame
I am, so it's kind of a relief.
You seem like an all right guy.
So how old are you?
I'm sixteen.
Huh? Same as me!
What school are you going to?
Ho-Hokuryo High School!
Huh? No way!
Too close!
I go to Hokuryo, too!
I can't believe it. This is so hilarious.
How'd she sneak up on me like that?
Too fast! Way too fast!
Uh, what about your arm?
Hmm?
Well, it's cold. Should I stop?
No, no, no, no, no, no!
It's-It's fine with me, it's just...
I've made contact with something squishy!
Hey, do you always sound so uptight?
Let's be more casual.
Uh, well... okay.
It's this cold and she isn't wearing gloves?
You okay?
Hmm... oh, geez. By dose is rudding.
What is happening?
Uh, here. A tissue.
Oh, thanks.
This is too much!
Yeah. Because I never even talked
to a girl like this in Tokyo.
I wonder if all Hokkaido girls are like this.
Hey, hey!
Maybe,
Ahoy!
here in Hokkaido, I can get...
Take that!
Cold, cold! Too cold!
What, what? What did you do?!
Chilly, right? That's what
you get for ignoring me.
Oh, it's just snow.
Yeah, great reaction though, dude!
So pretty...
Huh?!
Ah! Sorry, I was just—
Hey! Would you cut the crap?
Totally not cool.
Okay, I'm going.
Uh, um...
What's your name?
Fuyuki Minami.
'Kay, see you at school.
Fuyuki Minami, huh?
I'm so glad I came to Hokkaido!
Dad
Are you there yet?
Uh.
Oh, crap! I forgot to get on the bus!
Touch Card Here
Tickets
Card Balance
It'd be cool if he's in my class.
I'll introduce you to
our new transfer student.
Hello, my name is Shiki Tsubasa.
I moved here from Tokyo yesterday.
I'm really glad to meet you all.
Great, Shiki. Why don't you sit
in the back on the hall side.
All right.
Okay, time for attendance.
I guess that girl is in
a different class, then.
Oh, well. It's not a big deal.
I mean, I've always liked dark-haired,
neat, serious girls anyway.
I never knew any girls like her
before, so she surprised me.
That's the only reason I thought
Hokkaido gals are awesome.
Brrr! It's so cold.
Huh?
Huh? The guy from yesterday!
This is hilarious!
Ah! Um...
Hey, Fuyuki! You're late again!
And in the seat next to me? Too perfect!
So we are in the same class.
Wait, wait! No way! Does this
cliché stuff happen in real life?
So you're Shiki Tsubasa? What a pretty name.
D-Do you think so?
Yeah. Anyway, nice to meet you,
Huh?
Tsubasa.
My first name? So wack! This is so wack!
She's whacking down my boundaries!
Nobody except my family and my buddies
have ever called me by my first name!
N-Nice to meet you, too, Fuyuki-san.
Uh, so the apex of the triangle...
It's cold! It's super cold in here!
What, is this room a freezer?
How can people take classes like this?
But wait, it looks like everyone's
got jackets and blankets on.
I didn't do enough research!
I'm gonna catch a cold.
If I at least had a coat...
Are you sure?
Yeah. I get cold easy so I use two at once.
Huh? But then...
It's fine, it's fine. I'm toasty
enough with one right now.
I'll let you borrow that one for today.
Ahh, it's so warm!
It's still warm from Fuyuki-san's body.
It even smells nice.
It almost feels like Fuyuki-san's
own warm embrace...
Oh, crap! Any more of this and my
hormones are gonna go berserk!
See ya, Fuyumina.
Yeah.
Fuyuki-san.
Thank you for the blanket. It really helped.
You're smelling it?!
Sure, I'm smellin' it.
Sorry. If it stinks, I'll wash it for you.
No, it isn't bad.
I mean, this smell... it smells
like you and me smooshed together.
Smooshed?!
Th-This woman... Did she say that on purpose?
Oh, that's right. Hey, Tsubasa.
Maybe there is a way you can
thank me for the blanket.
You're a lifesaver! I didn't have
anyone else to walk me home today.
B-But, Fuyuki-san... your arm!
Yeah, we're tight, aren't we?
Hold on. I only met you yesterday!
So, Fuyuki-san, where do you live?
Hmm? Oh, I take the locomotive home,
so just get me to the station.
Locomotive?
You mean the train?
Yeah, yeah. I call it the locomotive.
So, Tsubasa, do you have a girlfriend?
Of course not!
Hah! You're totally denying it! Hilarious!
Where do you go for dates in Tokyo?
Well, Harajuku, I guess. Or maybe Shin-Okubo.
Even though I've never been on a date before.
Huh? You don't go to Shibuya?
Like to Marukyu?
I think a lot of people
shop for clothes there,
but people say it's better to go somewhere
you can get snacks and walk around.
And I've still never gone.
Just read about it online.
That's so cool. Tokyo has so
many more places to hang out.
Really? So where do you
go to hang out in Kitami?
Home. Winter is too cold
so we don't go outside.
We visit each other at home.
Huh...
Seriously? I'm already going to her house?
Wait, what the hell am I thinking?
Ah, here is good.
Huh?
O-Oh, that's right.
Thank you, Tsubasa.
Uh, sure. You're welcome.
I guess I'll see you later.
Tsubasa!
Hmm?
Do you want to come over tomorrow?
Huh?
Huh?!
It's okay, right? No school tomorrow.
I want to ask you more about Tokyo and stuff!
Uh, yeah, um...
Wh-Wh-Wha-What is this turning into?
What's wrong?
Uh, nothing. It's just, uh, well...
I'm going to a girl's room already?
Don't you... want to come over?
Yes, I do!
Awesome!
Hey, hey, let's exchange contact info, then.
Okay, see you later!
Y-Yeah. See you.
And here I am.
Never in my life have I gone
over to a girl's house.
Also, this is still only
my third day in Hokkaido!
If my family finds out about this,
I'm screwed. But still...
The temptation was too strong!
Hokkaido gals are a force
to be reckoned with!
Yes?
Um, my name is Shiki. Is Minami-san home?
Oh, Tsubasa? It's me.
Door's open so come on in.
Uh, okay.
Their security is kind of weak.
Welcome!
Th-Thank you.
Come in, come in!
Okay. Excuse me.
Why is she dressed so devilishly?!
Well aren't you lucky, Tsubasa.
My parents aren't home today.
Huh?!
I-Is this... Does that mean...
No, no way. It can't be.
Tsubasa, over here.
Well, come in!
Wow! It's so warm.
Right? The living room has floor
heating and also a big heater.
My room only has a small
heater, so it's always cold.
Oh, I get it. That's why she said
it's lucky her parents aren't here.
Well that's a relief, at least.
I don't think anything weird
will happen in the living room.
Hyah?!
That's hilarious!
B-But your foot just touched me!
"Hyah!" That's so cute!
Well then, well then, Tsubasa.
What are we gonna do?
Huh?
Do?
Oh, right. I'll get you something to drink.
Uh, thanks.
What should I get you?
Oh. Hey, Tsubasa. You okay with Katsugen?
Sure. Whatever you have.
So this is called Katsugen?
Yeah.
Soft
Katsugen
I've loved Katsugen ever
since I was a little squirt.
Oh, really?
Yum!
Huh, it tastes like one
of those thick yogurt drinks.
Wh-What happened?
There wasn't a lot left, so I
thought I'd pour it all in,
but I poured too fast and
it splattered all over me.
And it's really sticky. So gross!
I'm gonna go change.
That was close!
The shock almost pulverized my heart!
Calm down. Calm down, me!
I didn't know what to pick, so I
just gave up and grabbed this.
Advent of the demon king!
Uh... uh... uh...
What's the matter?
What are you wearing?
Huh?
It's warm inside, so this is
how I usually dress at home.
Uh, I brought this movie
that I haven't watched yet.
Oh, I haven't seen that one yet, either!
Let's watch it!
Flick this switch on,
then slide this in here...
Ready to go!
Something wrong, Tsubasa?
No, everything's okay.
You might've noticed,
but I can be very persistent.
Oh, boy. This is totally awkward.
I'd fast forward, but it might
look like I'm overthinking it.
Huh?
Wait a second. What is that voice?
There's no way... Fuyuki-san?!
You've got to be kidding me!
Is she watching this and touching—
J-Just hold on!
This is bad, Fuyuki-san! If you touch
me while making a voice like that...
Why not?
Fuyuki-san, I-I...
Huh?
No more... I'm already full.
Isn't she being just a little too careless?
I mean, who'd fall asleep dressed
like that when a guy is over?
Oh, I get it. She doesn't
see me like that. As a guy.
Oh. You're awake.
Huh? What about the movie?
Sorry. It's already over.
You were sleeping so peacefully,
I didn't want to wake you up.
I'll leave the Blu-ray here.
You can return it whenever you want.
Huh? Okay.
Wait, what's this?
The room is warm, but I still thought
you'd catch cold sleeping like that.
Anyway, it's getting dark, so I'd better go.
Thanks for having me over.
Tsubasa! Wait up!
Huh?
I'm sorry! I...
I didn't realize I'd fallen asleep.
This really sucks.
I didn't mean for that to happen.
So next time, maybe—
How can you come outside dressed
like that? You'll catch cold!
Thank you.
You want the jacket, too?
No, I'm okay.
I always dress like this
when I run out for a second.
Also, this is super warm.
Is it? I'm glad.
Hey, Tsubasa. I'm hungry.
Let's go to Seicomart!
Huh? Seicomart?
Yeah! I'll even treat you as an apology.
Hey, wait—
Uh...
SUBTITLE BY RIZKINIME
Hokkaido Gals Are Super Adorable!
Super Cute Angels ♥
Hokkaido Gals Are
Boom!
Super Adorable
Yum!
Right? I love these.
Oh. Hey, hey. They make the
rice balls here in the store.
Huh? They even cook the rice?
Cool, huh?
Salmon
Oh.
Yeah! This is also really—
Aww, Tsuba-cha, rice on your
cheek like a little baby!
Huh?